What annex does,
is it separates your apps from your libs.
And so think of your components or
something that a user sees or
interacts with the surface area of
something to be consumed that goes into.
The app.
So in the dashboard,
if you did nccih new and
you generated an application,
it would be here.
And so classic component.
You got your CSS,
I'm just gonna delete this.
Now we don't need this Rashad.
I'll leave it in there for a moment.
But it generates the spec, the component,
and the module and so on are coming from
the assumption that we are at least
somewhat familiar with Angular.
I'm not going to explain
which everything here does.
But what I do want to point
out is that we have an app and
then in parallel to that We
have our end to end test.
And so not only do you get
a working angular application with
all of this extra stuff, you get
Cypress baked into and end to end or
baked into this monorepo,
which is really, really Important.
I know for a fact that the angular team
is evaluating their intent options.
It is my desire not to be disparaging with
anybody that was involved with protractor,
but protractor is,
I believe in a severe disadvantage
because it's based on selenium.
Cypress on the other hand,
whereas Selenium is kind of
the NASA in automated end to end test,
Cypress would be the SpaceX.
And so the fact that you get
a workspace with Jest and
Cypress baked right in is really,
really cool.
And so This is where your end to
end tests go for this application.
And then, because we generated an API,
then we have our nest
application right here.
And then we have our libs which is
where our shareable code will go.
And so this next step is let's
start to generate some code.
And let's see how this is built out.
Before I do that, does anybody have any
questions about what I've said so far?
>> What is the difference between
using the Angular COI and
then just using an X and also if an X is
something similar to next js or next.
>> Under the hood, and
x uses the angular COI but
for the nest portion It uses the NES COI,
and
for the React portion,
it uses another COI.
And so think of NX is kind of
a layer on top of all of the COIs,
which is great because then you
get the best of everything.
And so,
inside of the apps folder here This
annex is using the angular
CLR to generate this,
or at least the dashboard portion.
So if you went did nccih new,
this is what you would get.
The difference is is that NX is
essentially asserting some opinions
on the file structure so that you
can have More than one application.
And then more importantly,
is that you can share your code
across multiple applications.
And so that's the difference
is that NX is essentially
a layer on top of the angular COI and
then NX also uses next or.
React or whatever it is that
you wanna use on top of that.
So it's a way for you to have more than
one project or application in a single
place, which, again, I think it
makes sense in terms of cohesion.
Like if I have an API that I'm
using in a front end application,
like I really want those to be together.
And I want to be able to kind of control
the data model in the versioning of
the different things around that.
Just to summarize is when does it
not make sense to use a monorepo?
I would say there are cases to be made,
where it doesn't make sense.
And I think one
>> Is,
you can kind of tip over from
kind of cohesion into coupling.
So for instance, my threshold on
a monorepo is group a technology
stack within the model repo,
but then if you have a totally
separate unrelated technology stack,
Create a new monorepo.
And so where I differ, I believe then,
let's say Google, where they have
all of their entire code base in
a single mono repo Now, can you imagine,
you know, if you showed up and you're
like, I need to build this thing and
I've got to download all the code
>> And so there is some overhead,
to where the overhead for
the monorepo, no longer makes sense.
And so for me my threshold is I organize
essentially by a technology stack.
That you might have an API that has
a couple Front End web applications that
consume it.
And I would put that together.
But if I had like,
let's say like an IOS application
that's a completely
unrelated set of technology.
It's totally unrelated.
So let's say It has nothing to
do with what I'm working on.
I wouldn't force that into that monorepo
because that wouldn't make sense.
And so I think where it does
get a little tricky, is around,
it's great for consumption.
Like if I'm working in this paid,
you know, on this code over here, and
I work want to jump over to this code,
it's amazing.
But, when you start to deploy, and
one of the big things that I've ran into,
is that If you're building
Docker images For
your application, and
you have a nest app and an Angular app,
you do not want your Angular dependencies
to go into your next Docker image.
And that's where in terms of
actually building it back out.
There's some techniques
around that to do that.
But, you know,
it's really good for consumption.
But as you start to build it back out,
you have to be mindful of that as well.
And so the build like the build
complexity goes up, but
your developer ergonomics
are a lot better.